Leah Galton's late goal earned Manchester United a draw against reigning Women's Super League champions Chelsea in an entertaining contest.

The visitors led when Fran Kirby's fine low cross was converted by Australia international Sam Kerr.

Galton came close to an equaliser against the run of play when her header hit the bar late in the first half.

But the United striker then levelled with just over 10 minutes to go with a similar goal to Kerr's.

Although Chelsea brought on record signing Pernille Harder they could not find a winner.

Chelsea, who went unbeaten in the curtailed 2019-20 season, opened their season with a 2-0 win over Manchester City in the Community Shield last week, but this was a first competitive game since 23 February.

The Blues went in front after a fairly even opening quarter when some incisive passing freed Kirby down the right and Kerr showed good strength to get the right side of her marker to score.

Kerr, who had been publicly backed by boss Emma Hayes after missing a number of chances in the win over City last week, then should have made it 2-0 following some slack passing from United, but slotted wide from 15 yards.

She was then denied by a strong save from United goalkeeper Mary Earps after a well-measured ball from Ji So-Yun played her in on goal.

United almost levelled just before the break when Galton's header very nearly caught Chelsea goalkeeper Carly Telford out.

Kerr missed another opportunity to get her second before the hosts enjoyed a concerted spell of pressure.

Telford was forced into a decent save from Katie Zelem's shot from outside the area as United showed why they finished fourth in their debut WSL campaign.

Chelsea rallied and Earps saved well from sub Erin Cuthbert before the Scotland international chose to try and pass rather than go for goal when she got free in the area.

Moments later United had the goal their endeavour merited when Galton converted sub Jackie Groenen's low cross.

Chelsea reacted by bringing on Harder, the most expensive player in women's football history, who joined from beaten Champions League finalists Wolfsburg on Tuesday. 

But she was unable to help her new team find a late winner in the final 10 minutes.